The help files for Ultimate Toolbox, Ultimate Grid, and Ultimate TCP/IP are now distributed in a compiled htm format - this avoids some IE7 problems encountered with the previous WebHelp offering, allows for a simpler download, and better index and search capabilities.

Since the downloads first became available, several users have discovered some problems on first usage, and this text is intended as a troubleshooting guide.

EXPLORER:

When you first open the .chm file, you may see a message such as:

"Internet Explorer was unable to link to the Web page you requested. The page might be temporarily unavailable." or "This program cannot display the webpage", etc.

Later versions of windows will associate zone information with files downloaded from the internet - and this zone info may be applied to the files contained within the .zip when extracted. This may block Explorer's navigation to the html topics.

To solve this problem, right click on the .chm file, select Properties, and Unblock.

PATH:

You may also receive this message if the path to the .chm file contains a '#' character - this will require either the renaming of a directory or moving the files - the '#' sign is being interpreted by the viewer as a bookmark indicator.

Lastly, a '%' sign in the path will prevent the main window from appearing, with the contents pane displaying, e.g., 'Cannot locate "mk:MSITStore:D:\This% is a test\UTCP_IP42.chm::/TCP_IP.hhc". Again, renaming or moving the file should help.

INDEX:

There are chm compilations distributed with each of the Ultimate Toolbox, Ultimate Grid, and Ultimate TCP/IP libraries. Of these, the Ultimate Grid (UGrid72.chm) and Ultimate TCP/IP (UTCP_IP42.chm) use external index (chi) files. If these are not available in the path along with the .chm files, you should see a message box stating 'The window name "NewWindow" passed to HH_GET_WIN_TYPE has not been specified.' To resolve, make sure the associated .chi file is available. 

Thanks for your interest in The Ultimate Toolbox. If you encounter any problems with these help compilations not addressed by this text, please post a message at http://www.codeproject.com/MFC/UltimateToolbox.asp.




